<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-UK" xml:lang="en-UK">
<head>
<title>Agile Transformation</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
<link href="../koganpage.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:334f8cff-60ee-4165-a54a-e451741af346" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body><section aria-labelledby="endorsements_h1_001" class="endorsements" epub:type="frontmatter" id="endorsements_sec_001">
<header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title" id="endorsements_h1_001"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-i" role="doc-pagebreak" title="i"/>PRAISE FOR <span class="emphasis">AGILE TRANSFORMATION</span></h1>
</header>
<p class="endorsement">‘Neil Perkin’s book addresses a fundamental leadership challenge – how to go from being compelled by the need to reinvent to knowing what the steps in your change plan need to look like. Essential reading.’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">Bruce Daisley, VP EMEA, Twitter</p>
<p class="endorsement">‘Neil Perkin has written a masterful book on digital transformation, with many practical wisdoms and nuggets waiting to be found. For any organization trying to create their preferred future, this is a must-read!’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">Gerd Leonhard, CEO, The Futures Agency and author of <span class="emphasis">Technology vs. Humanity</span></p>
<p class="endorsement">‘These days every company wants and needs to change but the answers seem crypic, vague and often biased. As always, Neil Perkin writes brilliantly and clearly in what is an actionable yet inspiring, interesting yet practical, tour de force on how people in all kinds of business can adapt to the modern world.’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">Tom Goodwin, EVP of Innovation, Zenith, Keynote Speaker and author of <span class="emphasis">Digital</span> <span class="emphasis">Darwinsim</span></p>
<p class="endorsement">‘Leading a transformation can be a daunting challenge. With external change happening at such pace and internal change being so complex, it can be hard to cut through the noise. Luckily, Neil Perkin has done that brilliantly with this book, offering plenty of actionable insights that any leader can put to immediate use.’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">James Haycock, General Manager, Idean UK and author of <span class="emphasis">Bye</span> <span class="emphasis">Bye</span> <span class="emphasis">Banks?</span></p>
<p class="endorsement">‘Packed full of amazing insights, case studies and practical examples for implementing agile transformation across any organization.’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">Duncan Hammond, VP of Transformation, Warner Music Group</p>
<p class="endorsement"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-ii" role="doc-pagebreak" title="ii"/>‘“Agile” and “transformation” aren’t just pretty words to say. It’s the new way of operating business, and you can’t afford to be left behind. You couldn’t ask for a better expert guide on the journey than Neil Perkin.’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">Scott Brinker, VP of Platform Ecosystem, Hubspot and author of <span class="emphasis">Hacking Marketing</span></p>
<p class="endorsement">‘An inspiring and practical guide to the why, what and how of transforming businesses to meet the challenges and opportunities of digital disruption. Neil Perkin’s clear and succinct writing provides an accessible and comprehensive roadmap for leaders to drive customer focused digital innovation.’</p>
<p class="endorsement-credits" epub:type="credits" role="doc-credits">Judy Gibbons, Chairman at Which?</p>
</section></body>
</html>