<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-UK" xml:lang="en-UK">
<head>
<title>Agile Transformation</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
<link href="../koganpage.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:334f8cff-60ee-4165-a54a-e451741af346" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body><section aria-labelledby="ch04_h1_001" class="chapter" epub:type="chapter" id="ch04_sec_001" role="doc-chapter" title="04 Changing change management">
<header>
<p class="number" id="ch04_num_001"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-109" role="doc-pagebreak" title="109"/><span class="ordinal" epub:type="ordinal"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_032">04</a></span></p>
<h1 class="title" epub:type="title" id="ch04_h1_001"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_032">Changing change management</a></h1>
</header>
<h2 class="head-a" id="ch04_h2_001"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_033">The messy middle of transformation</a></h2>
<p class="text-fo">It’s no accident that a caterpillar’s metamorphosis into a butterfly is often used as a metaphor for business and digital transformation. It reflects well the degree of challenge and change that organizations can go through with transformation programmes. In one of nature’s most remarkable feats we see the larva become a chrysalis and then out comes a completely different adult animal.</p>
<p class="text">Yet this process is an excellent metaphor for another reason. The chrysalis represents a ‘messy middle’ stage between larva and adult in which the caterpillar radically transforms its body. To become a butterfly, the caterpillar effectively dissolves all of its tissues to create a kind of ‘soup’ of cells, but certain groups of cells survive this process – one for each of the adult body parts that it will need as a mature butterfly. These groups of cells then use the protein-rich soup around them to fuel rapid cell division that forms wings, antennae, legs and eyes. The chrysalis stage in a butterfly’s life cycle is a metaphor for the ‘messy middle’ of transformation. Rather than follow an ordered, incremental change, the messy middle can involve significant uncertainty, complexity and change.</p>
<h2 class="head-a" id="ch04_h2_002"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_034">The shift away from big-bang, linear change management</a></h2>
<p class="text-fo">Without wanting to stretch the metaphor too far, it’s also worth noting that there are actually two distinct types of insect metamorphosis – complete and incomplete. Complete (or holometabolous) metamorphosis involves the insect <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-110" role="doc-pagebreak" title="110"/>passing through four distinct life stages (egg, larva, pupa, adult) that produce an adult that is very different from the larva. This is the caterpillar turning into a butterfly. With incomplete (or hemimetabolous) metamorphosis the insect does not go through a full transformation but instead transitions from a nymph to an adult by moulting its exoskeleton multiple times as it grows. So the adult still resembles its younger form.</p>
<p class="text">Just as there are two types of metamorphosis, there are two types of organizational transformation. There is genuine transformation in which the organization may keep foundational attributes that still distinguish it as the organization it has always been but it commits to truly change the way in which it works, the way it is structured, the way it realizes its strategy, and the kind of cultures and behaviours it supports and rewards. Then there is partial or incomplete transformation where the organization does not commit fully to the degree and scale of change that is truly required, plays at the edges of change, gets distracted by shiny objects, drifts back to what it knows and what it feels comfortable with and ends up looking like a more mature version of the same company that it was before.</p>
<p class="text">The point is that unless you really commit to making real change happen, it won’t happen. A well-known piece of analysis by Boston Consulting Group discovered that only 25 per cent of transformation programmes outperformed in the long term and that 75 per cent of programmes effectively failed.<span class="sup"><a href="#ch04_en1" id="ch04_enx1">1</a></span> The research showed that such programmes typically follow a trajectory typified by ‘chapter one’ and ‘chapter two’ stages. The first stage may involve an initial streamlining process designed to produce efficiencies but the critical second stage is either characterized by long-term growth and reinvigoration of the business or by long-term decline. The minority of companies that made a success of ‘chapter two’ were those where there was a real commitment to drive lasting change, a compelling vision, a clear shift in strategy, a refocus on growth and innovation, an appetite to challenge norms and reinvent business models and commitment to a vision whilst allowing for flexibility and adaptation in how it was delivered. BCG published ‘seven traps’ that can most often cause transformation efforts to fail and these included being too focused on efficiency savings, not taking the scale of response seriously enough, giving up too soon, underestimating the inputs or time needed, not moving on from legacy assumptions and ways of working, not creating enough space between the legacy and the new business, and sticking too rigidly to a fixed transformation plan rather than adapting in response to new knowledge or changed contexts.</p>
<p class="text"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-111" role="doc-pagebreak" title="111"/>Inevitably, true transformation will involve a ‘messy middle’ stage and significant complexity. The only way to navigate that complexity is to learn your way through it. Every company will have very different operational contexts that implicate on the process, and those contexts will, of course, change significantly over time. For this reason, fixed and linear transformation programmes in complex adaptive environments will inevitably fail.</p>
<p class="text">Traditional approaches to change management are very waterfall in nature. Change programmes are all about big upfront investments in technology, consultants and inputs, and then a relatively fixed, stage gate process to lay down a linear progression of change. When contexts change, as they inevitably will, the programme struggles to adapt and either becomes increasingly irrelevant, or results in drift back to old ways of thinking. In highly uncertain and adaptive environments, the reality is that it is far better to take an adaptive approach to change.</p>
<p class="text">In other words, we need to BE agile about how we BECOME agile.</p>
<h2 class="head-a" id="ch04_h2_003"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_035">Agile change management</a></h2>
<p class="text-fo">As I’ve discussed, modern digital and business transformation is far from being the linear process with a beginning, middle and an end that many take it to be. The trajectory instead should be towards creating a new type of organization that is, in itself, designed around continuous change and the ability to respond to rapidly changing contexts. In that sense the process of change management never ends. More than ever we are in the business of continuously managing change.</p>
<p class="text">Given that change management processes need to be more adaptive and responsive to the changing contexts there are some critical shifts needed in how we approach change programmes:</p>
<ul class="list-bullet"><li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong">The balance between vision and iteration:</span> achieving a new level of organizational agility requires continuous iteration and adaptation but we also need a compelling vision and an understood organizing direction. This means that one of the key questions we have to answer is what is fixed and what is flexible. We need to establish the parameters to understand what needs to change rapidly, and what might change far more slowly. And beyond this, to understand how feedback from faster iteration can inform the slower-changing strategy.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-112" role="doc-pagebreak" title="112"/>Barriers to organizational change:</span> removing blockers and barriers to change was previously seen as one part in a multistep process. Now, continuously shifting contexts mean that the barriers to moving fast are themselves always changing and emergent, so we need to work consistently and unceasingly at overcoming them.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong">Parallel, not linear:</span> one of the most famous models for change management is John Kotter’s eight steps:</p><ul class="list-dash">
<li><p class="list-dash">Establish a sense of urgency.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Form a powerful coalition.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Create a vision.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Communicate that vision.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Empower others to act on the vision.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Plan for, and create short-term wins.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Consolidate improvements and build on the change.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-dash">Institutionalize new approaches.<span class="sup"><a href="#ch04_en2" id="ch04_enx2">2</a></span></p>
<p class="text-fo">This linear approach works well in stable, slow-moving environments such as those existing in the late 1990s when he first described it. Kotter’s later thinking acknowledged the need to accelerate the change process itself, and to shift from a strictly linear approach to one in which we are enabling change to happen on multiple fronts and where we are in effect running the stages concurrently and continuously.</p></li></ul></li></ul>
<ul class="list-bullet"><li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong">Fluid, not fixed:</span> just as planning needs to be constantly adaptive, so the very process of change management should be subject to continuous review and the application of learning as the process unfolds. Many companies may think that they are doing this but in reality few build in the opportunity for regular retrospectives and reflection, and enable enough fluidity for the process itself to be adaptive.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong">Open, not closed:</span> traditional efforts in change management tend to be inwardly facing, focused on the internal structures, cost savings, efficiency drivers. All of which may well be relevant. But cost savings and efficiencies in themselves do not create a new organization. Large companies become very inward facing over time and yet in the digital world the exact opposite is what is required. A focus on creating a truly networked organization (through technology, data and people) creates greater opportunity. We need to understand all sides of the ecosystem (customers, <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-113" role="doc-pagebreak" title="113"/>employees, partners, suppliers) in which the company exists and the most beneficial connections that we can create. We need to be transparent about the transformation process. The digital team from the retail and banking business Co-op, for example, have taken a very open approach to their change programme, posting updates, learning and best practice advice on their blog and social media accounts.<span class="sup"><a href="#ch04_en3" id="ch04_enx3">3</a></span> Or publishing code and design patterns on GitHub or similar entities to enable other teams to reuse the work and reduce duplication. The transparency is an inclusive way to bring key audiences (employees, customers, suppliers) on the journey with you but also helps support the recruitment of digital talent.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong">Experience, over efficiency:</span> customer and employee experience are two of the most powerful pillars that can support transformation. Truly reorienting the organization around the customer means fundamental change for many businesses. Yet alongside the customer experience we need to focus on reorienting employee experience: the human side of digital transformation. Employees who are intrinsically motivated towards achieving a new vision are powerful enablers for change.</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet"><span class="strong">More leadership, less management:</span> as I discuss later in the book management is a brilliant invention but in the context of a fluid change process we need to accept that not everything can be tightly managed, and that there is real value in leadership at all levels of the organization. People who are willing to lead the change, model the behaviours, set the course, create the exemplars, show the way.</p></li>
</ul><p class="text-fo">Above all, modern transformation programmes need to be adaptive, responsive and build from continuous learning. We need to think big. We need to start small. We need to scale fast.</p>
<h2 class="head-a" id="ch04_h2_004"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_036">Agile transformation: the shift towards a ‘think big, start small, scale fast’ approach to change</a></h2>
<p class="text-fo">The phrase ‘think big, start small, scale fast’ perfectly describes a definitive approach to agile transformation. Eric Ries, author of the Lean Startup, has used the phrase as a way to capture some of the key elements of a Lean product development approach,<span class="sup"><a href="#ch04_en4" id="ch04_enx4">4</a></span> and it has also popped up in the context of innovation<span class="sup"><a href="#ch04_en5" id="ch04_enx5">5</a></span> (specifically from McDonald’s Ventures in 2006<span class="sup"><a href="#ch04_en6" id="ch04_enx6">6</a></span>). But the phrase is an excellent way to capture the key shifts in transformation process, organizational mindset, <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-114" role="doc-pagebreak" title="114"/>and working approaches that are inherent to greater business agility. It expresses the need to set a compelling direction for change, to begin establishing the foundational enablers that can support new ways of operating, to think boldly. Yet it also speaks to the need to be flexible and adaptive in our approach, to support more iterative strategy, and to change mindsets and not get stuck in traditional linear thinking. And it captures the need for continuous learning, focus, momentum and rapid growth.</p>
<p class="text">Over the rest of the book I’m going to set out exactly what this means. A roadmap not just for agile transformation but for a whole new type of organization.</p>
<section aria-labelledby="ch04_h1_002" class="chapter-references" epub:type="bibliography" id="ch04_sec_002" role="doc-bibliography">
<header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title" id="ch04_h1_002"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_037">References</a></h1>
</header>
<p class="endnote-text" id="ch04_en1"><a href="#ch04_enx1">1</a> Walter, Gideon, Shanahan, Michael, Reeves, Martin and Goulet, Kaelin [accessed 25 October 2016] Why Transformation Needs a Second Chapter: Lean, but not yet mean, <span class="emphasis">Boston Consulting Group, Perspectives</span> [Online] <a href="https://www.bcgperspectives.com/content/articles/transformation_growth_why_transformation_needs_second_chapter_lean_not_yet_mean/"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://www.bcgperspectives.com/content/articles/transformation_growth_why_transformation_needs_second_chapter_lean_not_yet_mean/</span></a> (archived at <a href="https://perma.cc/KSK7-GJB9"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://perma.cc/KSK7-GJB9</span></a>)</p>
<p class="endnote-text" id="ch04_en2"><a href="#ch04_enx2">2</a> Kotter Inc [accessed 10 April 2019] 8-Step Process [Online] <a href="https://www.kotterinc.com/8-steps-process-for-leading-change/"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://www.kotterinc.com/8-steps-process-for-leading-change/</span></a> (archived at <a href="https://perma.cc/HYZ9-MZSH"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://perma.cc/HYZ9-MZSH</span></a>)</p>
<p class="endnote-text" id="ch04_en3"><a href="#ch04_enx3">3</a> Co-op [accessed 10 April 2019] Developing Visual Design Across Co-op Products and Services, <span class="emphasis">Co-op Digital Team Blog</span> [Online] <a href="https://digitalblog.coop.co.uk/"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://digitalblog.coop.co.uk/</span></a> (archived at <a href="https://perma.cc/4FYG-KNPT"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://perma.cc/4FYG-KNPT</span></a>)</p>
<p class="endnote-text" id="ch04_en4"><a href="#ch04_enx4">4</a> Andreessen Horowitz [accessed 10 April 2019] a16z Podcast: Beyond Lean Startups with Eric Ries, November 2015 [Online] <a href="https://a16z.com/2015/11/08/lean-startups/"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://a16z.com/2015/11/08/lean-startups/</span></a> (archived at <a href="https://perma.cc/SEK2-MXSG"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://perma.cc/SEK2-MXSG</span></a>)</p>
<p class="endnote-text" id="ch04_en5"><a href="#ch04_enx5">5</a> Carroll, Jim [accessed 10 April 2019] Innovation: Think Big, Start Small, Scale Fast!, May 2010 [Online] <a href="https://jimcarroll.com/2010/05/innovation-think-big-start-small-scale-fast/#.VqacZFN4aCQ"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://jimcarroll.com/2010/05/innovation-think-big-start-small-scale-fast/#.VqacZFN4aCQ</span></a> (archived at <a href="https://perma.cc/SAY6-4HMC"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://perma.cc/SAY6-4HMC</span></a>)</p>
<p class="endnote-text" id="ch04_en6"><a href="#ch04_enx6">6</a> Gubman, Ed and Russell, Steve [accessed 10 April 2019] ‘Think Big, Start Small, Scale Fast’: Growing customer innovation at McDonald’s, <span class="emphasis">Questia</span> [Online] <a href="https://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-152641350/think-big-start-small-scale-fast-growing-customer"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-152641350/think-big-start-small-scale-fast-growing-customer</span></a> (archived at <a href="https://perma.cc/3XLU-NKNQ"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://perma.cc/3XLU-NKNQ</span></a>)</p>
</section>
</section></body>
</html>