<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-UK" xml:lang="en-UK">
<head>
<title>Agile Transformation</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
<link href="../koganpage.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:334f8cff-60ee-4165-a54a-e451741af346" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body><section aria-labelledby="ch08_h1_001" class="chapter" epub:type="chapter" id="ch08_sec_001" role="doc-chapter" title="08 Reinventing the organization">
<header>
<p class="number" id="ch08_num_001"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-259" role="doc-pagebreak" title="259"/><span class="ordinal" epub:type="ordinal"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_056">08</a></span></p>
<h1 class="title" epub:type="title" id="ch08_h1_001"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_056">Reinventing the organization</a></h1>
</header>
<h2 class="head-a" id="ch08_h2_001"><a href="03_toc01.xhtml#fm_toc_057">Designing your new agile operating system</a></h2>
<p class="text-fo">This book has set out why we need a new type of organization for a new age, and an approach to transforming businesses to become fit for purpose for both the present and the future. Agile transformation is not a journey from A to B. We don’t reach a point when we can sit back and say we are now fully transformed and congratulate ourselves on a job well done. Instead, it is the transition to a different type of company that in itself is characterized by continuous change.</p>
<p class="text">Agile transformation is never a strictly linear process, but the critical stages and tasks can be distilled into an effective model for change that follows the organizing principle of ‘think big, start small, scale fast’.</p>
<h3 class="head-b" id="ch08_h3_001">Think big</h3>
<p class="text-fo">Recognizing the need and context for change; developing the compelling vision that can set the direction; investing in fundamental technology, people and culture enablers that can establish the foundation to enable change to happen.</p>
<h4 class="head-c">CRITICAL TASKS</h4>
<ul class="list"><li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Vision and urgency:</span> expressing why the world has changed, and why that creates an existential challenge for an organization that doesn’t change; creating a positive sense of urgency through visualizing the potential and bringing it to life with effective storytelling; communicating the vision repeatedly through words and action.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-260" role="doc-pagebreak" title="260"/>Foundational enablers:</span> developing a technology and data architecture that enables agility, data-driven and informed decision-making, and experimentation; identifying and investing in core systems infrastructure that is flexible but scalable; proficient and efficient application of automation and machine learning to augment human capability; awareness of the critical barriers to change; empowering high-velocity decision-making and a culture and leadership mindset to support agile approaches; scaled learning about agile principles and their appropriate application; supporting an environment and expectation that is not afraid to challenge convention; enabling velocity through an adept balance of alignment and autonomy; establishing governance and a vision to create the space for change.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Context mapping:</span> understanding where your organization is on the S-curve and the positioning from which to drive directional change; developing situational awareness and effective problem exploration; understanding the different contexts/problem environments across the business, and where to DO Agile and where to BE agile.</p></li>
</ul><h4 class="head-c">ESSENTIAL CONSIDERATIONS</h4>
<ul class="list-bullet"><li><p class="list-bullet">Does your organization have a point of view on the future? Does it have a strong, directional and well-understood vision? Do employees understand the need for change, and are they excited about future potential?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Does the leadership team and organization have good situational awareness that can inform a roadmap for achieving the vision?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Do you have the right technology and data infrastructure to support genuine agility, and the right approach to future-proof through adaptation?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">How can the organization think beyond incremental change and avoid looking at the new through the lens of the old? Are you thinking boldly enough?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Is there a broad understanding of the potential of applying agile principles proficiently and at scale?</p></li>
</ul><h3 class="head-b" id="ch08_h3_002">Start small</h3>
<p class="text-fo">Taking a focused approach to developing new ways of working and new value creation; piloting new approaches and learning rapidly in order to create informed scalability.</p>
<h4 class="head-c"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-261" role="doc-pagebreak" title="261"/>CRITICAL TASKS</h4>
<ul class="list"><li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Focus:</span> selecting the critical challenges, initiatives or areas in which to develop new ways of working; aligning small, multidisciplinary teams or Squads as the engines of change to catalyse new approaches; creating and socializing early quick wins to signal the potential of the new.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Setting</span> <span class="strong">up</span> <span class="strong">the teams for success:</span> creating the environment and space to enable the teams to thrive; taking steps to mitigate process and culture tensions between new and old ways of working; populating the teams with people rich in the right skills and attitudes; support with training and coaching.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Mindset:</span> avoiding drift and the suffocation of new approaches by developing broader understanding to key mindset shifts involved in starting small; creating the right learning mindset to enable informed rapid scaling.</p></li>
</ul><h4 class="head-c">ESSENTIAL CONSIDERATIONS</h4>
<ul class="list-bullet"><li><p class="list-bullet">How can the initiatives selected signal intent whilst iterating around key areas of change?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">How can the leadership of the organization generate enough space to enable the new to survive whilst still keeping strong connection back to the rest of the business?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Are you defining the key problems to solve in the right way?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Are you genuinely allowing a new culture to emerge and evolve around agility and manoeuvrability?</p></li>
</ul><h3 class="head-b" id="ch08_h3_003">Scale fast</h3>
<p class="text-fo">Building on early successes; creating genuine momentum for transformation through adaptive change and bringing our people on the journey with us; scaling agile teams; rapidly expanding the understanding of new ways of working; learning fast at scale to enable a truly ambidextrous organization.</p>
<h4 class="head-c">CRITICAL TASKS</h4>
<ul class="list"><li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Building momentum for scaled change:</span> enabling rapid growth in new approaches through standards, spend controls, and linking strategy to execution; enabling speed through high-velocity decision-making and the right balance between alignment and autonomy.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-262" role="doc-pagebreak" title="262"/>Scaling agile structures:</span> growing the number of agile teams, creating a genuinely ambidextrous business; understanding the key stages of growth.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Adaptive change:</span> rapid learning at scale; continuous assessment and reprioritization; continuous experimentation and innovation; navigating effectively with data; data-driven and data-informed; avoiding key pitfalls and bias; agile governance.</p></li>
<li><p class="list"><span class="strong">Embedding the new:</span> a growth leadership mindset that enables a culture of collaboration and learning; focus on behaviours that support agility.</p></li>
</ul><h4 class="head-c">ESSENTIAL CONSIDERATIONS</h4>
<ul class="list-bullet"><li><p class="list-bullet">How can you establish controls and standards that set clear expectation without suffocating different thinking and innovation?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">What are the ways in which the wider leadership team can adopt a mindset that supports agility and change?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">What are the new expectations of leaders?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">How can the organization effectively flex the balance between the hierarchical and networked elements?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">How can the business ensure a tight connection is never lost between these two components and that they are complementary, not antagonistic?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">What is the best approach to moving staff between the different elements in the business?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">How can you build a network of advocates to champion new approaches?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Are you ensuring a tight connection between business strategy/objectives and customer needs/problems?</p></li>
<li><p class="list-bullet">Does the business value curiosity in its employees? Does it enable the space for a continual inflow of fresh perspectives?</p></li>
</ul><h3 class="head-b" id="ch08_h3_004">What now?</h3>
<p class="text-fo">Just start.</p>
</section></body>
</html>