<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-UK" xml:lang="en-UK">
<head>
<title>Agile Transformation</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
<link href="../koganpage.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:334f8cff-60ee-4165-a54a-e451741af346" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body><section class="copyright" epub:type="copyright-page" id="fm_sec_003">
<section class="publishers-note" epub:type="notice" id="fm_sec_004" role="doc-notice">
<p class="copyright-head"><span class="strong"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page-iv" role="doc-pagebreak" title="iv"/>Publisher’s note</span></p>
<p class="copyright">Every possible effort has been made to ensure that the information contained in this book is accurate at the time of going to press, and the publishers and author cannot accept responsibility for any errors or omissions, however caused. No responsibility for loss or damage occasioned to any person acting, or refraining from action, as a result of the material in this publication can be accepted by the editor, the publisher or the author.</p>
</section>
<p class="copyright-break">First published in Great Britain and the United States in 2020 by Kogan Page Limited</p>
<p class="copyright-break">Apart from any fair dealing for the purposes of research or private study, or criticism or review, as permitted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, this publication may only be reproduced, stored or transmitted, in any form or by any means, with the prior permission in writing of the publishers, or in the case of reprographic reproduction in accordance with the terms and licences issued by the CLA. Enquiries concerning reproduction outside these terms should be sent to the publishers at the undermentioned addresses:</p>
<div class="cols"><div class="col"><p class="copyright-break">2nd Floor, 45 Gee Street</p>
<p class="copyright">London</p>
<p class="copyright">EC1V 3RS</p>
<p class="copyright">United Kingdom</p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://www.koganpage.com"><span class="url-hyperlink">www.koganpage.com</span></a></p>
</div><div class="col"><p class="copyright-break">122 W 27th St, 10th Floor</p>
<p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>
<p class="copyright">USA</p>
</div><div class="col"><p class="copyright-break">4737/23 Ansari Road</p>
<p class="copyright">Daryaganj</p>
<p class="copyright">New Delhi 110002</p>
<p class="copyright">India</p>
</div></div><p class="copyright-break">© Neil Perkin, 2020</p>
<p class="copyright-break">The right of Neil Perkin to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.</p>
<p class="copyright-break"><span class="strong">ISBNs</span></p>
<p class="copyright-break">Hardback 978 1 78966 027 2</p>
<p class="copyright">Paperback 978 0 7494 9747 7</p>
<p class="copyright">Ebook 978 0 7494 9748 4</p>
<section class="cip" id="fm_sec_005">
<p class="copyright-head"><span class="strong">British Library Cataloguing-in-Publication Data</span></p>
<p class="copyright-break">A CIP record for this book is available from the British Library.</p>
<p class="copyright-head"><span class="strong">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</span></p>
<p class="copyright">Names: Perkin, Neil, author.</p>
<p class="copyright">Title: Agile transformation : structures, processes and mindsets for the digital age / Neil Perkin.</p>
<p class="copyright">Description: London, United Kingdom ; New York, NY : Kogan Page Inc, 2019. | Includes bibliographical references and index.</p>
<p class="copyright">Identifiers: LCCN 2019035820 (print) | LCCN 2019035821 (ebook) | ISBN 9780749497477 (paperback) | ISBN 9781789660272 hardback) | ISBN 9780749497484 (ebook)</p>
<p class="copyright">Subjects: LCSH: Organizational change. | Strategic planning. | Business enterprises–Technological innovations.</p>
<p class="copyright">Classification: LCC HD58.8 .P467 2019 (print) | LCC HD58.8 (ebook) | DDC 658.4/06–dc23</p>
<p class="copyright">LC record available at <a href="https://lccn.loc.gov/2019035820"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://lccn.loc.gov/2019035820</span></a></p>
<p class="copyright">LC ebook record available at <a href="https://lccn.loc.gov/2019035821"><span class="url-hyperlink">https://lccn.loc.gov/2019035821</span></a></p>
</section>
<section class="supplier-details" epub:type="colophon" id="fm_sec_006" role="doc-colophon">
<p class="copyright">Typeset by Integra Software Services, Pondicherry</p>
<p class="copyright">Print production managed by Jellyfish</p>
<p class="copyright">Printed and bound by CPI Group (UK) Ltd, Croydon, CR0 4YY</p>
</section>
</section></body>
</html>